Qin Zhanshen has already said
In this life, the Supreme Supreme will not marry
According to what you said, are you the Supreme Primordial?
Are you hahaha
For what you just did
Enough for pearl contact, hahaha.
Just you?
Do you know who I am?
Who are you?
Is it important?
Ye Feifan
Just brag and lie in front of us
He was actually still talking nonsense in front of Zhang Shao
The Zhang family is one of the four families that are loyal to filial piety
And Zhang Shao, as the heir to the Zhang family
That's money, power
Have a background
And you're just a watchdog
What qualifications do you have to be arrogant in front of Zhang Shao?
For the sake of my modesty
I won't bother for a while
Next time
At your own risk
How dare you threaten me?
You don't have to say anything.
Look at my face
I've just made it very clear
Before I was angry
Quickly leave the net worth and really want to divorce me
Does it even need to be asked?
Why did you marry Tianya?
Just this
I don't know which stall I bought the garbage from.
Something, little egg?
Listen to me
Only with this can you marry Tianya
This is the delivery letter for the Ming Emperor's banquet